feat: incorporate v8 snapshot generation into monorepo build process (#23732)
cypress-io/cypress: CONTRIBUTING.md

They will outline development and test procedures. When in doubt just look at the `scripts` of each `package.json` file. Everything we do at Cypress is contained there.

### V8 Snapshotting

> Cypress is set up to make use [electron mksnapshot](https://github.com/electron/mksnapshot) for generating [V8 snapshots](https://v8.dev/blog/custom-startup-snapshots) for both development and prod.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to improve start up time, Cypress uses [electron mksnapshot](https://github.com/electron/mksnapshot) for generating [V8 snapshots](https://v8.dev/blog/custom-startup-snapshots) for both development and prod.
```
